feat(deep merge): Deep-merge token maps (#98)
oddbird/accoutrement: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.0.0 - UNRELEASED

> - BREAKING: All `add-*` functions for adding one or more token maps (eg `add-sizes`, `add-colors`, etc)
>   now perform a deep merge of the token maps. Previously a shallow merge was performed, [which could
>   result in removing nested values from previous maps](https://github.com/oddbird/accoutrement/issues/50).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BREAKING: Map `multi-merge` utility and all `add-*` functions 
  for adding one or more token maps (eg `add-sizes`, `add-colors`, etc)
  now perform a deep merge of the token maps. 
  Previously a shallow merge was performed, 
  [which could result in removing nested values from maps](https://github.com/oddbird/accoutrement/issues/50).

```
